Update mac-device-control-overview.md (#12517)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/mac-device-control-overview.md

### Settings

> [!NOTE]

> > Both Android (portableDevice) and iOS (appleDevice) are in Preview and not in GA now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Both Android (portableDevice) and iOS (appleDevice) are in public preview and not in general availability at the moment.
```
